open_source_licenses.txt

Skyline CLI - Skyline Command line interface 1.0.0 GA
======================================================================

The following copyright statements and licenses apply to various open
source software packages (or portions thereof) that are distributed with
this VMware Product.

The VMware Product may also include other VMware components, which may
contain additional open source software packages. One or more such
open_source_licenses.txt files may therefore accompany this VMware
Product.

The VMware Product that includes this file does not necessarily use all
the open source software packages referred to below and may also only
use portions of a given package.

==================== TABLE OF CONTENTS ====================

The following is a listing of the open source components detailed in
this document. This list is provided for your convenience; please read
further if you wish to review the copyright notice(s) and the full text
of the license associated with each component.


SECTION 1: BSD-STYLE, MIT-STYLE, OR SIMILAR STYLE LICENSES

   >>> go-1.17.8
   >>> github.com/TylerBrock/colorjson-0



-------------------- SECTION 1: BSD-STYLE, MIT-STYLE, OR SIMILAR STYLE LICENSES --------------------

   >>> go-1.17.8

       Copyright (c) 2009 The Go Authors. All rights reserved.

       Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
       modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
       met:

          * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
          * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
       copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
       in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
       distribution.
          * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its
       contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
       this software without specific prior written permission.

       THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
       "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
       LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
       A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
       OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
       SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
       LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
       DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
       THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
       (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
       OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


       Additional IP Rights Grant (Patents)

       "This implementation" means the copyrightable works distributed by
       Google as part of the Go project.

       Google hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
       no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section)
       patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import,
       transfer and otherwise run, modify and propagate the contents of this
       implementation of Go, where such license applies only to those patent
       claims, both currently owned or controlled by Google and acquired in
       the future, licensable by Google that are necessarily infringed by this
       implementation of Go.  This grant does not include claims that would be
       infringed only as a consequence of further modification of this
       implementation.  If you or your agent or exclusive licensee institute or
       order or agree to the institution of patent litigation against any
       entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging
       that this implementation of Go or any code incorporated within this
       implementation of Go constitutes direct or contributory patent
       infringement, or inducement of patent infringement, then any patent
       rights granted to you under this License for this implementation of Go
       shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.


   >>> github.com/TylerBrock/colorjson-0

       Found in: colorjson-master/LICENSE

       Copyright (c) 2017 Tyler Brock

       MIT.LICENSE



======================================================================

To the extent any open source components are licensed under the GPL
and/or LGPL, or other similar licenses that require the source code
and/or modifications to source code to be made available (as would be
noted above), you may obtain a copy of the source code corresponding to
the binaries for such open source components and modifications thereto,
if any, (the "Source Files"), by downloading the Source Files from
VMware's website at http://www.vmware.com/download/open_source.html, or
by sending a request, with your name and address to: VMware, Inc., 3401
Hillview Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, United States of America. All such
requests should clearly specify: OPEN SOURCE FILES REQUEST, Attention
General Counsel. VMware shall mail a copy of the Source Files to you on
a CD or equivalent physical medium. This offer to obtain a copy of the
Source Files is valid for three years from the date you acquired this
Software product. Alternatively, the Source Files may accompany the
VMware product.

[FLINGSKYCLI100GAPS032222]
